Add variable to specify custom pom.xml location (#85)
paketo-buildpacks/maven: README.md

  * Contributes Maven to a layer with all commands on `$PATH`
  * Runs `<MAVEN_ROOT>/bin/mvn -Dmaven.test.skip=true package` to build the application
* Removes the source code in `<APPLICATION_ROOT>`
* Expands `<APPLICATION_ROOT>/target/*.[ejw]ar` to `<APPLICATION_ROOT>`

## Configuration
| Environment Variable | Description
| -------------------- | -----------
| `$BP_MAVEN_BUILD_ARGUMENTS` | Configure the arguments to pass to Maven.  Defaults to `-Dmaven.test.skip=true package`. `--batch-mode` will be prepended to the argument list in environments without a TTY.
| `$BP_MAVEN_BUILT_MODULE` | Configure the module to find application artifact in.  Defaults to the root module (empty).
| `$BP_MAVEN_BUILT_ARTIFACT` | Configure the built application artifact explicitly.  Supersedes `$BP_MAVEN_BUILT_MODULE`  Defaults to `target/*.[ejw]ar`.

> | `$BP_MAVEN_POM_FILE` | Specifies a custom location to the project's `pom.xml` file. Must be relative to the root of the project. Defaults to `pom.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `$BP_MAVEN_POM_FILE` | Specifies a custom location to the project's `pom.xml` file. It should be a full path to the file under the `/workspace` directory or it should be relative to the root of the project (i.e. `/workspace'). Defaults to `pom.xml`.
```
